docs: Added documentation about DSP tooling (#964)
unoplatform/Uno.Themes: doc/material-dsp.md

## The Uno.Dsp.Tasks NuGet package
This package will be automatically present in the project after creating a new Uno Platform project specifying the _Material_ theme. It is also possible to add it manually to an existing Uno Platform project by adding the following line to the _PackageReference_ section of the _csproj_ file:

1. Manual installation:
   ```xml
   <PackageReference Include="Uno.Dsp.Tasks" Version="[latest version]" />
   ```

2. Already present with you select _Material_ theme during project creation:
   ![](assets/material-theme-selection-wizard.png)

## Generating a custom color palette and export as DSP file
1. Navigate to the [Material Theme Builder](https://m3.material.io/theme-builder#/custom) and select the colors you want to use for your application.
2. Locate the _Export_ button and pick the _material Tokens (DSP)_ format.

   ![Export Button](assets\material-theme-builder-export1.png) ![DSP Selection](assets\material-theme-builder-export2.png)
3. Save the zip file to your computer.
4. Replace the file `ColorPaletteOverride.zip` in the `Styles` folder of your application project with the one you just downloaded.

> 5. Build your application. The `ColorPaletterOverride.xaml` file will be automatically updated with the colors present in the DSP zip file.

Reviewer: It's best to show some XAML that explains where the file should be used

---
uid: Uno.Material.DSP
---

# Using the DSP Tooling in Uno.Material

## Introduction
Is it possible to automate the creation of the Material Design color palette? Yes, it is. Uno.Material provides a tooling to generate the color palette from the official Material Design color palette. This tooling is available in the [Uno.Dsp.Cli](https://nuget.org/packages/Uno.Dsp.Cli) and [Uno.Dsp.Tasks](https://nuget.org/packages/Uno.Dsp.Tasks) NuGet packages. The following instructions will cover the Uno.Dsp.Tasks version, which is more automatic.

> [!NOTE]
> Make sure you are referencing the generated XAML file in your
> application's `App.xaml` file, as shown in the following example:
> ```xml
>  <MaterialTheme xmlns="using:Uno.Material"
>                 ColorOverrideSource="ms-appx:///PROJECT_NAME/Styles/Application/MaterialColorsOverride.xaml" />
> ```

> > More details [In the _Manual Color Overrides_ section of the Getting Started page](material-getting-started.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More details [In the _Manual Color Overrides_ section of the Getting Started page](xref:uno.themes.material.getstarted)
```

## The Uno.Dsp.Tasks NuGet package
This package will be automatically present in the project after [creating a new Uno Platform project](https://aka.platform.uno/get-started) specifying the _Material_ theme. It is also possible to add it manually to an existing Uno Platform project by adding the following line to the _PackageReference_ section of the _csproj_ file:

1. Manual installation:
   ```xml
   <PackageReference Include="Uno.Dsp.Tasks" Version="[latest version]" />
   ```

> 2. Already present with you select _Material_ theme during project creation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The package is already present when you select _Material_ theme during project creation:
```
